Christina Oliveira
TA:Dhavalikar
Section 5
UID: 204803448
Assignment 1: Lab: Emacs Scavenger Hunt

1.I used the "man man" hint given in section, and after a little scrolling I found that "man -k keyword"
 can print commands containing any word, where "keyword" is the desired word. So this is the shell command 
that can be used to print out all commands with a desired keyword.

2.In order to find where the cp and wc commands are located, I used the "which" command learned in section, that gives the 
location of a command. By typing "which cp" and "which wc" I found that the paths were "/usr/bin/cp" and "/usr/bin/wc", respectively.

3.In order to determine which commands are one character long, I first checked the manual, knowing that I would busing a find-like command. 
By entering "man find" I was able to identify modifications to the "find" command that could help me. 
The -name option ends up being what I'm looking for. I then entered 'find /usr/bin -name "?"'in order to identify 
the single character commands I need. The '"?"' specifies that we are looking for singe character commands (as specifies in man).
 the terminal gives me back:
/usr/bin/[
/usr/bin/w
/usr/bin/X
I found (using man) that the [ command is used to evaluate a conditional expression
that the w command shows who is logged on and what they are doing. 
and that the X command is actually just a symbolic link to the Xorg command
 
4.In order to find out what is actually executed when the emacs program is run, I first entered the /bin folder, where emacs is held. 
I know I'm going to use the ls command, so a little digging on man tells
me ill need the -l option so I enter "ls -l | grep emacs", (here I utilize piping, what is returned from ls is sent to grep). 
This tell me "emacs" symbolically links to "/etc/alternatives/emacs".

5.In order to find the versions of these two emacs versions, I start by searching on man.By searching "version" on man I find that I can find the version 
of a program by adding the option "-version". I then find that the version number for the /cs/bin version is 24.3.1 by entering in "/usr/bin/emacs -version"
and that the version number of plain emacs is 25.3.1 by entering "emacs -version" into the shell. They are different because we are using an older version.

6.In order to find out what these modes mean, I reference the slides from section. Using the slides I see that g+s gives the user accessing some file the same
permissions as the file owner's group (the + denotes adding a permission, and s denotes the sameness), and that o-x means that we are removing the executable
permission for "others"(those who don't own the file or are in the file owner's group), which is what the o stands
 for (the - denotes removing a permission, and the x stand for the executable permission)

7.In order to find directories modified in the past 30 days, I first check the man page for find once again.
I find that the option "-ctime" will be useful here. I found that in order to look for files branching from the root modified in the past 30 days
I could enter the command "find / -ctime -30 -type d" where -30 specifies the number of days to go back (modifying the ctime command) and -type d 
ensures only directories are pulled up, not files.

8.In order to find the number of symbolic links, I first navigate to the parent directory of "find".
Then I find the word count (wc) of all files starting with l (denoting links) in the same directory as find. This can be done with a
command that utilizes piping. I used: "ls -l | grep ^l | wc" I found that there are 247 symbolic links.

9.In order to find the oldest file, I first change my directory to the /usr/lib64 directory. 
I then had to go back and check man for the ls command. I found that the "-t" option will list 
items in order of modification date with oldest last. We want files that begin with "." so "ls -lt /usr/lib | grep ^." works. Using this, 
I found the oldest file denoted as starting with a "." was "libgpg-error.so.0.10.0."

10.In order to find where locale gets its data, we can inspect "man locale". Directly from this page, we can see that locale gets its data from two files:
    /usr/lib/locale/locale-archive  (Usual default locale archive location).
    /usr/share/i18n/locales      (Usual default path for locale definition files).

11.In order to find what emacs commands have "downcase" in their name,I first opened emacs and used the search shortcut (C-h a downcase)
 to search for commands with the keyword downcase : I found:
downcase-word
downcase-region

12.In order to find the names and meanings of the emacs commands C-M-r through v, I first open up emacs.
I then utilized the key bindings search function in emacs (C-h b) I then switched screens (C-x o) to the screen I created and searched(C-s keyword) the
first binding "C-M-r" (since they are listed order) to discover that these bindings corresponded to these commands(their meanings found from their corresponding help pages):

C-M-r           isearch-backward-regexp (initiate a regular expression search, backwards)
C-M-s           isearch-forward-regexp (initiate a regular expression search, forwards)
C-M-t           transpose-sexps (Transpose two balanced expressions)
C-M-u           backward-up-list (move backwards over a parenthetical grouping)
C-M-v           scroll-other-window (scroll to next open window)


13. In order to find what the emacs binding C-g does, I use the same method as problem 12 (using the C-h b bindings function). By searching 
this key-binding (and following its corresponding help link) I found that it corresponded to the command "keyboard-quit" which signals the quit condition, 
which during execution of code would cause a direct quit. 

14. In order to find the functionality and key bindings for the yank function, I check the key bindings library in emacs as I did in 
problem 12 and 13 (C-h b, C-x o, C-s).I find that the keystrokes "C-y" will invoke the yank function and that the yank function 
will reinsert the last stretch of killed text.

15.In order to determine the difference between the ls -l command and the emacs dired command, I need to know what the tired command does, so I look it up 
on the emacs key-bindings search page as I have done for the last several problems(C-h b, C-x o, C-s). I find that the tired commands activated by C-x d.
I then navigate to the /usr/bin directory and try the C-x d and ls -l commands and found that tired lists additional directories (those with . and ..) 
when compared to the output of the ls -l command.



