Christina Oliveira
TA:Dhavalikar
Section 5
UID: 204803448
Assignment 3: Modifying and Rewriting Keystrokes- Lab Notebook

I logged to the linux 07 server and create a new directory in
 my 35l directoryfor my workspace. I then fetch the tar as
 instructed by the webpage by extracting the
link and using a wget command:

wget ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/coreutils/coreutils-8.29.tar.xz

I then use the verification command given in the spec:

gpg --verify --keyring ./gnu-keyring.gpg coreutils-8.29.tar.xz.sig

This gives me an error, the line says the verification failed
because the file does not exist.
I decide to untar the file using the tar command, the -x
 option to untar, and the -v command to show the progress (since
 im a little suspicious of the verification failure). The commands ends up 
 looking like this:

tar -xvf coreutils-8.29.tar.xz

I now change directories to the coreutils-8.29 Ive just 
created. I now need to install coreutils. To figure out
 how to do this, I snoop around the help files.
I end up using the command:

./configure --prefix=/u/cs/ugrad/oliveira/35l/coreutils

In order to install coreutils in the desired location.
It took a minute, as the program installed, but it finally finished
and it appeared to do so without errors.

I then begin to try to implement the bug by making a directory:

mkdir foo

however, gives me an permissions error. I realize Im in the wrong area 
and decide to just log out and back in again to navigate back
to the coreutils directory.
Now, the mkdir foo command works I also implement the commands:

mkdir bar
\ls -fA

which outputs:
.		  bootstrap	  TODO		 doc		
NEWS	   Makefile.in	tests		  AUTHORS		
 init.cfg	bar	    NEWS.rej
..		  bootstrap.conf  INSTALL	 man		
ChangeLog  cfg.mk	.tarball-version  THANKStt.in		
 lib		Makefile
.version	  m4		  THANKS	 thanks-gen	
build-aux  README	.timestamp	  ABOUT-NLS		 
config.log	heyo.diff
.vg-suppressions  configure.ac	  dist-check.mk  .prev-version	
po	   configure	THANKS.in	  Makefile.am		 
foo		NEWS.orig
COPYING		  .mailmap	  gnulib-tests	 src		
maint.mk   aclocal.m4	GNUmakefile	  THANKS-to-translators 
 config.status	heyo.diff~

I notice that the output here follows the -f option which, from the man:
enables the -a option and disables the -C, -g, -l, -n, -o, -r, -s, and -t 
options. For each argument that is a directory, all directory entries are
 listed in the same order they are retrieved from the system.
And does not follow the -A command which lists all entries including those 
starting with periods (.), but excluding any . or .. entries, as opposed to the
-a command which is invoked with -f that includes periods but excludes . and ..
This is expected, per the reported bug.

I now begin work on applying the patch. I look up patch on man and it 
turns out that patch is a command I can use that is essentially 
the opposite of diff and will allow me to make any
changes that are in the new file without having to meticulously 
go through.So I make a .diff file in emacs containing the patch 
as given on the linked page on the spec.
(I just copy-paste the contents).

Now that the changes have been made, I need to re-make the file. 
To do so I use themake command as stated in the spec. As the
 command executes (it takes a while), I notice the word recursive,
 and a little searching confirms my suspicion that 
make is searching recursively through every file to check for changes. 
Therefore, almost all of the commands are unnecessary, except for the 
ones not followed with "no changes needed to be made".

The spec asks that I test that the old bugged-version is intact
 and that the new version is patched.

By recreating the test case the bug failed on before, I confirm that
 the patch has been installed on new(\ls -fA). The -a option implied
 by -f is now overwritten by the -A option and . and ..
are now not displayed.The output is now:
		  bootstrap	  TODO		 doc		
NEWS	   Makefile.in	tests		  AUTHORS		
 init.cfg	bar	    NEWS.rej
		  bootstrap.conf  INSTALL	 man		
ChangeLog  cfg.mk	.tarball-version  THANKStt.in		
 lib		Makefile
.version	  m4		  THANKS	 thanks-gen	
build-aux  README	.timestamp	  ABOUT-NLS		 
config.log	heyo.diff
.vg-suppressions  configure.ac	  dist-check.mk  .prev-version	
po	   configure	THANKS.in	  Makefile.am		 
foo		NEWS.orig
COPYING		  .mailmap	  gnulib-tests	 src		
maint.mk   aclocal.m4	GNUmakefile	  THANKS-to-translators 
 config.status	heyo.diff~

Notice that . and .. are absent from the output. And  the bugged version
remains intact for the old version.









 
